Not as good as my father
Yaoyao has no wind
Is this a game?
Good good good hahaha
No, you said you would help me anytime
Does it still count?
Tang You told me that life counts, do you believe it?
Mr. Lu
Have you always been disinterested in the Kyoto Chamber of Commerce?
How many times have you been urged at home to take over?
You rejected it, why now?
Interested now
You're interested in the chairpersonship.
Or some people?
Tang Yao
Are you kidding me?
Why am I fine now?
You are disappointed
Yaoyao
How come?
It's too late for me to be happy that you're psychotic
But
I said, what should sensible immortals do?
Yaoyao is playing our master flower today
Tomorrow, Yaoyao, we still have to take this medicine
What else to eat
Neuropathy as the boss
It's hilarious
It's real to hit people
Who knows if there will be a board meeting tomorrow?
Uncle Luo, you are the pillar of our Tang enterprise
Always decided
Yaoyao's matter today is indeed correct
Uncle Luo, it's because of me